My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose until
We reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
You want to file another claim
because your car was damaged again?
Don't you think you're asking
for too much, Uchiyamada-san?
-This is the second car.
-I know, but please help me!
Let me tell you this.
To total two cars in two weeks...
...it could be considered fraud!
Please! An important family trip
is coming up this weekend!
To regain my dignity as a father
and for our family unity...
...I absolutely need to have
the Cresta! I beg of you!
I don't know....
It's him! He is the source
of all my bad luck!
He is the god of plagues,
the god of poverty.
He will definitely be fired this time!
Chairman's office
Chairman! Onizuka should--!
-Onizuka should be fired right away!
-Right. What?
To expose my daughter's underwear
and to take a picture of her!
We cannot have such
a shameless, disgraceful teacher!
Not just as a parent, but also
as the president of the PTA...
...I cannot allow such a teacher
to roam around!
Unfortunately, the chairman is not
in the office right now...
...and I cannot decide this myself.
Then bring them here!
The chairman and the pervert
named Onizuka. Right now!
Chairman, I'm sure
he had a good reason.
Even so, he antagonized
the wrong person. What shall we do?
Anyway, I'll go check on Onizuka-sensei.
Onizuka-kun has created such a mess.
I can't believe he made an enemy
out of the PTA president.
Onizuka-sensei!
What's wrong?
You look so serious.
Do you wanna confess
your love for me?
That's so dumb!
Uehara's mother just arrived.
Didn't you know? Her mother is
the president of the PTA.
You can't be a teacher if you're
afraid of the PTA. I'll show them!
Teacher for life!
Isn't your arm too big?
Of course! I do 1000 pushups.
Then after that, 5000 pull-ups
and 10,000 Hindu squats every day.
But still, just your right arm
is strangely....
What? It's huge!
When did this happen?
This swelling is abnormal.
It could be broken.
What? Oh, no. It's fine.
See? I can do pushups. But I can't
tell where my right hand is.
It's not fine. You are
no longer in pain but numb.
Chairman's office
As you may already know,
I am also an education critic...
...and I am against teachers
using corporal punishment.
I absolutely cannot
overlook this incident.
Handle this properly or I will
resort to extreme measures.
I understand your feelings, but I
need to talk to Onizuka-sensei first.
How can you take it so lightly?
Excuse me, chairman.
Onizuka-sensei was hospitalized earlier.
Is that so? Then there is
nothing we can do now.
We'll hear his side
of the story later.
No, it's not necessary.
Tomorrow, I'm calling
an emergency PTA meeting.
In the meeting I will propose that
Onizuka-sensei be fired immediately!
Now, excuse me.
Thanks to you, Fuyutsuki-sensei,
we don't have to deal with her today.
What a good excuse you came up with,
Onizuka in the hospital.
-It's true. He broke his arm.
-What?
Fired. Onizuka will be fired.
Finally, the public has started
to take actions to destroy him.
With so much pressure from the PTA...
... not even the chairman
can protect him.
This will completely end
his career as a teacher.
It serves him right. He's gonna pay
dearly for making my mom mad.
But I wonder why Onizuka...
...would take a picture
exposing your underwear?
There's no question. Onizuka is
a pervert with a Lolita complex.
-His brain is like a middle-aged man's.
-That's right!
Anyway, Onizuka will
definitely be fired.
That's for sure.
Is it true, vice principal? The rumor
about Onizuka-sensei's dismissal?
At the PTA meeting tomorrow...
...I'm pretty sure
the decision will be made.
He is not cut out to be
a teacher to begin with.
So finally the time has come.
If Mr. Onizuka is up against
the PTA president, he has no chance.
By the way, Onizuka-sensei
doesn't seem to be in today.
He's in the hospital
with a broken bone. Sure!
I know he faked it to get away!
I could tell what kind of guy he was
even when I interviewed him.
What shall I do, Kikuchi?
Onizuka-sensei will be fired.
It's my fault. It's all my fault.
Even if you or Class 3-4
weren't involved...
...it would have happened anyway.
He shouldn't be a teacher.
Holy Forest Academy
He would still have been fired
for his recklessness.
I knew he was stupid and perverted...
...but I never thought he'd mess
with the PTA president's daughter.
We don't have time to be laughing.
He's on the verge of being fired.
Hard to believe. Even when he took on
100 rival gang members by himself...
...he didn't even get one scratch.
Now his arm's broken.
I wonder what he did.
You're locking the door?
He is supposed to have bed rest...
...but he keeps getting up
and bothering us.
We have no choice.
I don't know what he's thinking
at such a crucial time.
Onizuka-san--
Onizuka-san!
-He escaped.
-We're on the fourth floor!
In the end, Onizuka
wasn't such a big deal.
I don't think any teacher can be
a match for us, Class 3-4.
That bastard will be hung
at the PTA meeting tomorrow.
I can't wait. Be gone, Onizuka!
Serves him right!
Now for the next one.
Jyuken 3
Fist of Beasts
What's wrong?
Challenger Wanted
You idiot!
All right! I'm gonna beat you! Here!
-Give me more money.
-Don't play anymore.
Shut up! Hurry up and give me money!
Shit! What's wrong with this game?
I've had it! It's so stupid!
You're so lame!
Challenger Wanted
-You're blaming the machine.
-Onizuka!
You should have gone home
to suck on your mommy's boob.
Why are you wasting
your time in a game center?
Look who's talking!
Watch your mouth.
I'm playing mindfully!
By the way, you lose too easily.
The way you play, it's like
throwing money in the sewer.
But thanks to lousy players
like you...
...I get to play those games
for only 100 yen.
Your time will be up soon.
You'll be fired tomorrow!
Do you understand, you bastard?
I'll tell you. Being a teacher
is so much fun...
...I'll never quit, no matter
what anyone says. See you!
Please, Mommy.
You're the only one I can count on.
My mom is totally mad.
She said she would even make
a big deal about Onizuka on TV.
-Now Onizuka's gonna be ousted.
-So, what do we do with Yoshikawa?
After things calm down,
we'll beat him up again.
We need to make sure he understands
who he's messing with.
There is absolutely
no room for excuses!
Should such a pervert
teach in our school?
He is trash. He is useless!
He should be removed at once!
Onizuka. The devil who
demolished my Cresta twice.
Farewell to you as of today. Finally!
A 14-year-old is still a kid.
On top of that, a girl
that age is so sensitive.
My gentle, obedient daughter...
...was hurt physically and emotionally
by him, more than I can describe.
What a pathetic teacher.
Not only as a parent, but also
as an education critic...
...I will expose this incident
and pursue it!
Chairman....
I demand his immediate dismissal!
Fire him! He deserves nothing less!
Repentance
Onizuka?
He's the one! The perverted teacher!
You are Onizuka?
What are you doing here?
Don't you get it?
Oh, I can't believe it.
If I explain this gag,
it won't be funny anymore.
Gag? Do you understand what
kind of situation you are in?
It's not a matter
of being funny or not!
It is a matter of being funny.
It's my job to make school fun.
Eikichi Onizuka! Nice to meet you!
Nyce ta meet ya
All of you can conclude
from what you just saw...
...whether Onizuka is suited
to be a teacher or not.
Let's take a vote whether
to dismiss him or not.
Wait!
I don't know how to be the PTA
president. Accept my challenge!
What will you do?
If you beat me in this game,
I will graciously quit my job.
If I win, let's forget everything
you're discussing today.
I've never lost in this game.
-You can start anytime you like.
-It's absolutely stupid!
What are you doing?
Who is in favor of
immediate dismissal?
Wait!
Ouch! Time out!
I hit my right arm again.
Then we unanimously agree
on his immediate dismissal.
Who is it?
No students are allowed here.
Yoshikawa.
We are discussing something important
right now. Return to your class.
What are you doing? What is it?
Something is wrong with him!
If you are going
to fire Onizuka-sensei...
...do so after looking at my body.
What are you saying?
Why do I need to see your...?
Look at those bruises!
I was bullied by Anko Uehara.
She is right there.
It's been going on for a while.
This time, Anko and her friends...
...beat me because I was
hanging out with Onizuka-sensei.
Because of their bullying,
I tried to kill myself.
But Onizuka-sensei saved me.
I see. Onizuka-sensei broke his arm
when he saved Yoshikawa.
Sensei did what he did
to Uehara-san...
...because he saw
the pictures of me...
...and tried to stop them from
bullying me any further. So--
Don't make things up! How could
my Anko be engaged in bullying?
-Do you have any proof?
-What about this?
I'm a homo
Wouldn't a mother recognize
her daughter's handwriting?
-Teacher....
-Thank you, Yoshikawa.
How long are you to stay stripped?
Put your pants on.
Don't cry. It's not like
you've been violated.
Everyone, please be quiet.
Even if bullying was involved...
...my daughter is not a part of it.
This is an unforgivable insult
to me as an education critic.
-Mom.
-I'm sure he scribbled it himself.
Unless there is concrete evidence,
I demand for his immediate dismissal!
That's right! Absolutely!
How are you going to teach him
a lesson this time?
You'll see. This time...
...it will be more than
taking his nude pictures.
It's hard to believe that
your parent is the PTA president.
Especially when you are so dirty.
No problem. I'm such
a perfect girl at home.
My mom is an education critic and
appears on TV, acting so important.
But she'll do anything I ask.
She is so lenient with me,
it's almost laughable!
I can do anything from bullying
to torturing teachers.
My mom will put out the fire.
You have a great mother!
Stop! Stop it! Someone, quick!
What is this, Anko?
It's not true, right?
It can't be true. My daughter
would never bully anyone.
I'm her mother and I know her best!
Right, Anko?
Let go of me.
I'm so fed up with you, Mom!
What are you saying?
Don't make me laugh.
You think you know everything.
-You don't even know your daughter!
-Anko....
Watching you act that way
really irritates me.
That's why I wanted to bully someone!
It's all your fault.
You sound ridiculous. You are just
not yourself today. Come with me.
I don't want to!
Don't blame it on your parent.
Don't be a baby!
Instead, open your eyes wide.
You'll probably find something
more fun than bullying.
Anko....
I was right. I thought it was you.
You are a genius with
this kind of technique.
Half of the tape was composite.
Thank you for what you did
for Onizuka-sensei.
-Don't misunderstand me.
-What?
It was Yoshikawa's idea.
He said he wanted to help Onizuka.
I won't like it. I don't want
Onizuka-sensei to leave, no matter what.
You may say so, but there are lots
of teachers who can replace him.
There might be a replacement teacher,
but not a replacement friend.
Kikuchi-kun--
I'm just curious what blunders
Onizuka is gonna commit.
The PTA president, Uehara-san,
called and told me...
...she was withdrawing
her demand for the dismissal.
As for Anko Uehara and
her friends, she asked Onizuka-sensei...
...their homeroom teacher,
to discipline them strictly. Okay?
-Yes, ma'am.
-It was so close. Shit!
What a tenacious bastard,
that Onizuka!
You weren't fired,
but you can't teach tomorrow?
But, I'm injured.
I'll enjoy my paid sick days
for a while.
There is no way I can quit
such a great job. Right?
I'm flabbergasted!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
Mom! Where in the world are you
going in such an outfit?
On a date.
Hello there!
This is a home visit.
Hey, Onizuka!
If you wanna date my mom,
you need to beat me.
When did you start
thinking like a loser?